Docs/Reference/TheCodingMonkey.Math/MathExtensions/Median.md, before:

# MathExtensions.Median method (1 of 4)

Calculates the Median (or average) of all the passed in values.

```csharp
public static decimal Median(this IEnumerable<decimal> items)
```

| parameter | description |
| --- | --- |
| items | IEnumerable of items to calculate the average of |

## Return Value

Average value of all the items passed in.

## See Also

* class [MathExtensions](../MathExtensions.md)
* namespace [TheCodingMonkey.Math](../../TheCodingMonkey.Math.md)

---

# MathExtensions.Median method (2 of 4)

Calculates the Median (or average) of all the passed in values.

```csharp
public static double Median(this IEnumerable<double> items)
```

| parameter | description |
| --- | --- |
| items | IEnumerable of items to calculate the average of |

## Return Value

Average value of all the items passed in.

## See Also

* class [MathExtensions](../MathExtensions.md)
* namespace [TheCodingMonkey.Math](../../TheCodingMonkey.Math.md)

---

# MathExtensions.Median method (3 of 4)

Calculates the Median (or average) of all the passed in values.

```csharp
public static double Median(this IEnumerable<float> items)
```

| parameter | description |
| --- | --- |
| items | IEnumerable of items to calculate the average of |

## Return Value

Average value of all the items passed in.

## See Also

* class [MathExtensions](../MathExtensions.md)
* namespace [TheCodingMonkey.Math](../../TheCodingMonkey.Math.md)

---

# MathExtensions.Median method (4 of 4)

Calculates the Median (or average) of all the passed in values.

```csharp
public static double Median(this IEnumerable<int> items)
```

| parameter | description |
| --- | --- |
| items | IEnumerable of items to calculate the average of |

## Return Value

Average value of all the items passed in.

## See Also

* class [MathExtensions](../MathExtensions.md)
* namespace [TheCodingMonkey.Math](../../TheCodingMonkey.Math.md)

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: generated by xmldocmd for TheCodingMonkey.Math.dll -->

Commit message:

Added ability to output lower case roman numerals Corrected documentation on Median function.

Docs/Reference/TheCodingMonkey.Math/MathExtensions/Median.md, after:

# MathExtensions.Median method (1 of 4)

Calculates the Median of all the passed in values.

```csharp
public static decimal Median(this IEnumerable<decimal> items)
```

| parameter | description |
| --- | --- |
| items | IEnumerable of items to calculate the average of |

## Return Value

Median value of all the items in the list

## Remarks

The median is the value seperating the higher half from the lower half of a data sample. If there are an even number of values in the list, such that an exact center can't be determined, then the average of the two middle numbers is returned.

## See Also

* class [MathExtensions](../MathExtensions.md)
* namespace [TheCodingMonkey.Math](../../TheCodingMonkey.Math.md)

---

# MathExtensions.Median method (2 of 4)

Calculates the Median of all the passed in values.

```csharp
public static double Median(this IEnumerable<double> items)
```

| parameter | description |
| --- | --- |
| items | IEnumerable of items to calculate the average of |

## Return Value

Median value of all the items in the list

## Remarks

The median is the value seperating the higher half from the lower half of a data sample. If there are an even number of values in the list, such that an exact center can't be determined, then the average of the two middle numbers is returned.

## See Also

* class [MathExtensions](../MathExtensions.md)
* namespace [TheCodingMonkey.Math](../../TheCodingMonkey.Math.md)

---

# MathExtensions.Median method (3 of 4)

Calculates the Median of all the passed in values.

```csharp
public static double Median(this IEnumerable<float> items)
```

| parameter | description |
| --- | --- |
| items | IEnumerable of items to calculate the average of |

## Return Value

Median value of all the items in the list

## Remarks

The median is the value seperating the higher half from the lower half of a data sample. If there are an even number of values in the list, such that an exact center can't be determined, then the average of the two middle numbers is returned.

## See Also

* class [MathExtensions](../MathExtensions.md)
* namespace [TheCodingMonkey.Math](../../TheCodingMonkey.Math.md)

---

# MathExtensions.Median method (4 of 4)

Calculates the Median of all the passed in values.

```csharp
public static double Median(this IEnumerable<int> items)
```

| parameter | description |
| --- | --- |
| items | IEnumerable of items to calculate the average of |

## Return Value

Median value of all the items in the list

## Remarks

The median is the value seperating the higher half from the lower half of a data sample. If there are an even number of values in the list, such that an exact center can't be determined, then the average of the two middle numbers is returned.

## See Also

* class [MathExtensions](../MathExtensions.md)
* namespace [TheCodingMonkey.Math](../../TheCodingMonkey.Math.md)

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: generated by xmldocmd for TheCodingMonkey.Math.dll -->
